Welcome to the dojo, ninja. Your objective: become a master of slicing fruit! What better way to do that than play Fruit Ninja, the original hit fruit-slicing mobile game? ??

Unsheathe your blade and start the juicy carnage with the three classic game modes that billions of players have come to know and love. Experience the thrill of setting a new high score in the fan-favourite Arcade mode as you focus on dodging bombs and slicing massive combos with the help of the special Double Score, Freeze or Frenzy bananas. Need something less intense? Simply relax and slash for stress relief in Zen Mode. Finally, cut as much as you can in the endless Classic mode – just avoid the bombs and make sure you don’t drop the fruit! Make your game even more exciting by equipping special powerups that will give your score a juicy boost. ??

Once you’ve sharpened your skills and reflexes, put them to the test in Event mode, where you’ll enter challenging and intense clashes with characters like Truffles the pig, Mari and Rinjin for the chance to win unique swords and dojos that can be used in Classic, Zen and Arcade mode. Spice up your day and make yourself more energetic in our daily Challenge mode - can you out-slice the other ninjas for special prizes and glory? ??

Prove to your friends and family that you’re the top ninja around. Show them how much you can cut in a shared-screen local multiplayer match, or compare your score with your friends to rise through the ranks and reach the top of the leaderboard! Big fan of Fruit Ninja: Puss in Boots? Be sure to challenge yourself with the entertaining and addictive minigames and find your favourite! ??

What are you waiting for? Whether you're playing for some mindless fun and trying to relax and pass the time, or trying to improve your skills as a master ninja, this is the game for you. Enjoy the awesomeness and believe the hype of Fruit Ninja – chop chop! ??

View our privacy policy at http://halfbrick.com/pp
View our terms of service at http://halfbrick.com/tos
Need help with the game? Email us at fruitninja@halfbrick.com